Good baby is sleeping
Tell Rongzhi
His child is with me
Dad is not dead
Mine is still alive.
Anyway
This is Erbao.
He's still alive.
Someone must have stolen him.
You calm down
I can't help it.
sister
The doctor who explained it to me died
He must have been killed.
Erbao
They stole the second treasure to threaten you
Milk, will you save Erbao?
milk milk
Will you save Erbao?
Ah!
I will investigate this matter clearly.
Some people start out helpless and come out to make trouble
You have to be smart.
Don't believe these things
You know what?
Do you not want to come out to play at all?
It's because Tiantian breaks your child.
Is my child nothing?
Ah, that's the child I gave birth to
Why don't you want him?
I want to go back to the company.
I have been treated here for the past few days.
Don't go anywhere
The president really doesn't take sweet and fake dizziness
And let him come back to distract the attention over there
Tell Madam
He's just going through his period.
Don't alarm him yet
All you have to do now is
The person who helped me adjust the anime director
If a child is missing a hair
I want those people to be torn to pieces
By the way
Get pregnant every day
The wedding will take place in two months